I think it's time to now practice the things you've learned thus far.
I prepared a little assignment for you.
You can find this basic project attached to this lecture to get started right away.
I got four exercises for your next assignment.
This should be doable with the knowledge you have gained until now in the first exercise once you trade
to new pages a shop and a buyout page and you can even create them to see a lie or manually though I
do recommend that you at least create one of them manually to really get a feeling for how that works
and that in the end it's a normal angler to component because it's so key to keep in mind and exercise
too.
I don't want you to hook up those pages.
You should add a button to the home page which leads to the shop page and a button to the shop page
which leads to the bio page.
Oh as a side note Don't forget to register your pages.
You should know where to register them and exercise free.
We're going to fill this with more life.
We're able to go to the shop and the bio page but we're not passing any data.
Well if we're building kind of a shop here we should pass the different products to the bio page.
So make sure to add more buttons to the shop page.
For example two new buttons.
You can also add more of course and give them different captions.
For example milk red apples whichever product you want to have in your shop.
All three buttons should lead to the Byard page but this should also pass some data so that you load
the biote page with different paid data.
And of course you should also display that data on the bio page.
Well in the last exercise I want you to add a by Button Judy biote page and this button should actually
take you back to the root page.
So to the home page all things we've learned thus far.
Good luck with that in the next with you.
You can see my solution for this assignment.